# CS340---Client-Server-Development

How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
- I think it's incredibly important when preparing to write code, to learn and understand best practices and the correct syntax for the type of code you are going to be making. Knowing specific commands that will help you achieve your desired results will take away a lot of down-time from trying to figure out how to work around a problem, or doing research during your coding time. There is nothing wrong with troubleshooting during coding, but if you can come prepared with an arsenal of relevant tools, your experience will be a lot smoother. Being consisten with your code is also a valuable practice. In a scenario like this where you are building a CRUD model to be used in a larger system, consistency is huge, making your CRUD commands easy to reuse throughout your program. 

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
- At this point in my coding experience, I've gone through a ton of trial and error. The one thing that has really held me back in the past has been going into CS projects blind assuming my prior knowledge will help me work around problems. I always end up getting stuck and having to spend a lot of time researching how to successfully solve a coding problem. There is nothing wrong with this but I have found that reviewing relevant resources prior to approaching a project makes the process much easier. The course structure and professor in this course provided plenty of useful information with each module and I was able to successfully complete assignments by refering to them. In the future when I have to create databases, I will use the information I know as well as the MongoDB guides that I have been learning from in order to provide the best deliverable possible.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
- In my own words, computer scientists use computer programming and data science to help solve problems and improve efficiency for a broad range of industries. Whenever approaching a company or project, I will keep in mind the problem I am trying to solve and/or the aspect of their company I am trying to improve, and conceptualize an end-point that I think will satisfy all requirements. I will then use my CS knowledge, skills, and tools, to reach that end-point.
